README.md, before:

# Dictionary App

A simple dictionary application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This app allows users to search for word meanings and save their favorite words.

## Features

- Search for word meanings using an API.
- Display search results with word definitions and parts of speech.
- Add words to the favorites list.
- View and search favorite words from the favorites list.
- Error handling for API requests.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/dictionary-app.git
2. Open the project directory:
    ``` bash  
    cd dictionary-app

3. Open the index.html file in a web browser.

## Usage
1. Enter a word in the search input field.
2. Click the "Search" button or press Enter to fetch the word's meanings.
3. The search results will be displayed in the result container, showing the word, its meanings, and parts of speech.
4. Click the "Add to Favorites" button to add a word to the favorites list.
5. The favorites list will show all the saved favorite words. Click on a word in the list to search for its meanings again.
6. If an error occurs while fetching data from the API, an error message will be displayed.
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Credits
The dictionary API used in this project: Dictionary API
CSS styling inspired by Bootstrap
## Author
Created by @kway

Feel free to contribute and improve the project!

Commit message:

readme.md imroved readme.md to follow the projject guidelines

README.md, after:

# Dictionary App

A simple dictionary application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This app allows users to search for word meanings and save their favorite words.

## Features

- Search for word meanings using an API.
- Display search results with word definitions and parts of speech.
- Add words to the favorites list.
- View and search favorite words from the favorites list.
- Error handling for API requests.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/dictionary-app.git
2. Open the project directory:
    ``` bash  
    cd dictionary-app

3. Open the index.html file in a web browser.

## Usage
1. Enter a word in the search input field.
2. Click the "Search" button or press Enter to fetch the word's meanings.
3. The search results will be displayed in the result container, showing the word, its meanings, and parts of speech.
4. Click the "Add to Favorites" button to add a word to the favorites list.
5. The favorites list will show all the saved favorite words. Click on a word in the list to search for its meanings again.
6. If an error occurs while fetching data from the API, an error message will be displayed.

## Contributor's Guide
Contributions to the Dictionary App are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and commit them.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Submit a pull request detailing your changes.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Credits
The dictionary API used in this project: Dictionary API
CSS styling inspired by Bootstrap
## Author
Created by @kway

Feel free to explore, use, and contribute to the Dictionary App!
